Smart Degree Audit: Phase 2 Features List

1. Schedule Generation: Take user input information, and produce a valid semester schedule of classes they can register for next. By default, produce a projection of as many semesters as are needed for the student to have a complete degree. Or, based on a number input by the user, produce schedules for that specified number of semesters in the future. The algorithm should produce multiple possible valid schedule offerings for the immediate next semester, and let the user pick which one they like best

2. Interest Exploration: The user can pick multiple from a list of all of Stetson's offered subject material (will just Major and Minor listings be granular enough?) to indicate their general elective class interests. If the student has an undeclared major, the algorithm will present them a schedule offering diverse subject material for the student to explore, while still fulfilling Stetson's general education requirements. For decided majors, the algorithm will round out the user's schedule with one or two general elective classes alongside their required major/minor classes.

3. Freshman/Junior Seminar Selection: The user will be able to manually select from a list of all available F/JSEMS for the semester that's valid for them to take it. This will be fed into the final schedule generation. The subject area of the seminar the user selects can be fed into the interests portion of the scheduling algorithm, if the user desires. 

4. Registration Dashboard Implementation: With a valid semester set generated and approved by the user, when registration times come up, the app should somehow link the desired schedule to Stetson's Registration Dashboard, and potentially automatically register the student for those classes. In the case of a full roster for one of the desired classes, the app should have a backup case, and notify the user if it needs to be implemented.

5. Cultural Credit Opportunity Notification: This feature of the app could take data from Stetson's Engage platform, and present the user at-a-glance information on when and where upcoming cultural credit events will be taking place. The app could also account for how many cultural credit requirements the user has remaining, and come up with a pacing of events to get them completed by the time the user graduates.

BY DECREE OF SIR SCARLATO, DUKE OF THE ADVENT OF HEALTH
6. Stakeholder Presentation: Week 6, give a presentation of our (hopefully) complete app to an external stakeholder in the Registrar's Office and/or the director of HR, tbd.
